**User Case**

ACME company is a software consultancy. ACME company’s architects regularly have meetings with their customers using a 
video conferencing tool. A significant amount of time is spent by the company’s architects writing down meetings notes, 
summarising and creating follow up action items. Business development managers approach your team and ask if this is 
something Generative AI can help with. They envision a product that can take a meeting recording, be able to convert the 
recording to text, feed it into a Generative AI system which is then able to summarise the call. ACME company uses JIRA for 
its project management and use Kanban boards, ACME want to explore taking the follow up topics generated by the 
Generative AI system and use the JIRA API to automatically create tasks, stories and assign the correct member of the team 
at ACME company to the task/story. 

## Key Stakeholders

### Head of PlatformOps Engineering
At ACME, we have 2000 team members and we aim for about 50% of the team to use this system, for about 3 hours of the 
day each in meetings. Of the 2000 team members, we only have a team of 7 who create internal tools and processes, this is 
the “PlatformOps Team”. The PlatformOps Team currently have very little bandwidth to create this meeting summarisation 
product using Generative AI and we would prefer a system that is fairly “plug and play” to build. We already have some 
frontend mock-ups that we are quite happy with and would be keen to explore managed solutions as much as possible for 
this meeting summarisation product. It’s of course very important that meeting notes are accurately generated.

### Head of Data Science

We have a data science team of 40 who are highly experienced with machine learning based architectures. However, at ACME
but they don’t work day to day with the PlatformOps Team but are able to spare a little time to assist with model fine tuning, 
if necessary. We are interested to see how this goes and hope to see this project progress!

### Chief Financial Officer

We would like the costs to be as elastic as possible and we cannot commit to any long-term payment agreement with for this 
Generative AI system, e.g. no 12 month commitments for access to a ML model. When not in use, the systems should be shut
down so it costs as little to operate as possible. Like customer facing projects, internal projects at ACME created by the 
PlatformOps Team have to demonstrate value so we can demonstrate to the board of directors that internal mechanisms are 
being created to optimise the company for cost. One thing I would like to see, if possible, are usage metrics of this meeting 
summarisation system. I would also like to understand how much the product is being used, it would be great if we can get 
some usage metrics of the product and how internal teams are engaging with it.